He's an impostor.
I am the real president
Madam, what nonsense are you talking about?
Brother Song Nan
You just said that your husband works under Brother Yanchen
Now he says your husband is Brother Yanchen
How many truths are there in your mouth?
If I had known earlier, I would not have allowed Yan Chen to leave just now
Madam, ignore him
I think he just wants to marry into a wealthy family and is crazy
You can't tell reality from fantasy.
I mean it.
Even if what you say is true
Why didn't you identify yourself when you joined yesterday?
Also by this Gott to send electronic cards
I came to the company to work
Not to be a bodhisattva
Zhou Yaru has been in the company for two days
You two
Every day around his wife's wife
Baixin Chat
I didn't do any work.
i
Then why don't you hide your wife's identity now?
Look at Yanchen's face
I've given him a chance to come clean in private
But since he used my name
I want to discuss cooperation with Mr. Gu
As much as ruining my career
Of course I'm going to debunk him
You are a bargain
Totally out of hand
Brother Xicheng won't marry you at all
You don't believe me, do you?
Ok, I'll make a call.
It's really Brother Yan Cheng's phone number.
Is he really Yan Cheng's wife?
What do you do?
Hello, the number you dialed is on the phone
Please dial again later
Yan Cheng is talking to someone else
I'll call back in 10 minutes.
You must have called him
As soon as you call, it's on the phone
What a coincidence
You're not directing and acting, are you?
Daddy, can my sister and I come back tonight?
I want to eat Mommy's cooking
Can't wait for 10 minutes
You don't have 10 minutes?
What if it's on the phone again in 10 minutes?
We can't wait forever, can we?
I'm not so unlucky
Madam, please give Mr. Feng a call
Let him come over.
You saw it just now.
See Brother Chen is busy
Not to disturb
madam
We all know that you like Brother Song Nan's ability.
But it's too much for him to keep you off the stage many times
You call the lunatic and make it clear in person
Just so he can put away his delusions
Hum ok
You call him
I'd like to see if he calls you wife
Why don't you dare to hit?
What do Zhao Zhao and his sister want to eat tonight?
I have something delivered to my house
Then pick up Mommy early from get off work, okay?
Ok daddy bye
Zhou Yaru
Why is he calling me again?
How to pick it up
Hello brother chen
I'm having trouble at the design gallery.
Can you come here for a moment?